updated pipeline pull request git provider type docs (#3132)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: website/docs/enterprise/pipelines/promoting-applications.mdx

## Pull request

This section covers adding a promotion by pull request (PR) strategy, so that whenever the application defined in a pipeline
is upgraded in one of the pipeline's environments, a PR is created that updates the manifest file setting the application version in the next environment.

The dynamic nature of GitOps deployments requires you to assist Weave GitOps a little with information on which repository hosts the manifest files,

> how to authenticate with the repository and the git provider API, and which file hosts the version definition for each environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how to authenticate with the repository and the Git provider API, and which file hosts the version definition for each environment.
```

### Supported Git Providers

> You could currently open pull request for the following git providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Git providers are currently support by this promotion strategy:
```

Reviewer 2: supported

> - [Github](https://github.com/)

Reviewer 2: GitHub and GitLab

Author: sorry, could you expand on the suggestion?

- [Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/)

> Select your git provider via `.spec.promotion.pull-request.type`. For example, for `gitlab` it would look similar to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select your Git provider via `.spec.promotion.pull-request.type`. For example, for `gitlab` it would look similar to:
```

```yaml
  promotion:
    pull-request:

>       type: "gitlab"

Reviewer 2: might be worth adding secretRef for completeness

Author: updated

```

More info in the [spec](../spec/v1alpha1/pipeline/#pipeline)

### Create credentials secret

> In order to authenticate with the git provider repository hosting the manifests, you need to create a Secret with credentials used for cloning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to authenticate with the Git provider repository hosting the manifests, you need to create a Secret with credentials used for cloning.
```

> The contents of this secret are the same you use for [GitRepositories](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/source/gitrepositories/#secret-reference).

Reviewer 2: Whilst we're here, this is the only line where secret is not capitalized, we should be consistent

Author: updated

> In addition to these you need to include a `token` field containing a git provider access token that is used to authenticate with the git provider API when creating a pull request. Here is an example Secret:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to these you need to include a `token` field containing a git provider access token that is used to authenticate with the Git provider API when creating a pull request. Here is an example Secret:
```

```

:::note

> The git provider token provided in the `token` field needs to be given permission to create pull requests in the pipeline's repository (defined in `.spec.promotion.pull-request.url`). The `hmac-key` field must match the key used for the Provider resource (.spec.secretRef), if specified in the leaf clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Git provider token provided in the `token` field needs to be given permission to create pull requests in the pipeline's repository (defined in `.spec.promotion.pull-request.url`). The `hmac-key` field must match the key used for the Provider resource (.spec.secretRef), if specified in the leaf clusters.
```

1. The second field denotes the name of the pipeline resource.
1. The third field is the name of the environment that this specific HelmRelease targets. The environment name in the marker needs to match with the `name` field of one of the environments defined in the pipeline's `.spec.environments` array.

> Weave GitOps Enterprise will look for this marker whenever it receives an event from the respective HelmRelease of one of the leaf clusters and patch the file with the version denoted in the event (see the section above for instructions on setting up notification events from leaf clusters). Finally, it will create a git provider PR to update the version of the application for the next environment in the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Weave GitOps Enterprise will look for this marker whenever it receives an event from the respective HelmRelease of one of the leaf clusters and patch the file with the version denoted in the event (see the section above for instructions on setting up notification events from leaf clusters). Finally, it will create a Git provider PR to update the version of the application for the next environment in the pipeline.
```
